Adding AWS Cloud Cost Management Instructions for MSP Partners (#33259)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/partners/cloud_cost_management/_index.md

---
title: Cloud Cost Management
description: "Cloud Cost Management for MSP Partners"
cascade:
    algolia:
        subcategory: 'Cloud Cost Management'
---

> This section provides Cloud Cost Management guidance specifically for **Managed Service Provider (MSP) partners** who need to enable secure, customer-facing cost visibility using Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a **Managed Service Provider MSP) partner**, you can use Cloud Cost Management to provide your customers with secure, actionable insights into their cloud spending. 
```
